.TH PSPM 1

.SH NAME
pspm \- Packet Synchronization Protocol Master

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pspm
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B pspm
implements the master role of the Packet Synchronization Protocol.

.SH OPTIONS
\fB General options\fR
.RS

.TP
.BR \-h
Displays the help message.

.TP
.BR \-l
Sets the log file. If this option is set all program output will be
recorded in the log file independently from the verbosity level specified
with the '\-v' option.

.TP
.BR \-v \fInum\fR
Sets the program output verbosity level as follow:
.RS
.IP \fB0\fP
error
.IP \fB1\fP
warning
.IP \fB2\fP
information
.IP \fB3\fP
debug
.IP
.RE

.RE

\fB Destination options\fR
.RS

.BR \-h \fIaddr\fR
Sets the PSP slave IP address (mandatory option).

.BR \-b
Enables broadcasting of timestamp packets (default: off).

.BR \-p \fIport\fR
Sets the PSP slave UDP port (default value: 4242).

.RE

\fB Timestamp transmission options\fR
.RS

.BR \-d \fInum\fR
Sets the timestamp transmission period in ms (default value: 1000).

.BR \-s \fInum\fR
Sets the timestamp transmission stagger in ms (default value: 250). \fBnum\fR shall be lower than the timestamp transmission period.

.BR \-n \fInum\fR
Sets the number of timestamp packets to transmit before stopping (default value: infinite).

.BR \-t \fInum\fR
Sets the timestamp packets TOS field to \fBnum\fR in base 10 (default value: TOS field not set).

.RE

\fB Secure mode options\fR
.RS

.BR \-k \fIfilename\fR
Sets the filename of the cryptographic key for secure protocol mode. The key shall be a 32 byte binary file. This option also
enables the secure protocol mode.

.BR \-o \fIfilename\fR
Sets the filename of the nonce for secure protocol mode. If the file does not exist, it will be created.

.RE

.SH EXIT STATUS
Zero if OK, non-zero if error encountered.

.SH EXAMPLE
Starting PSP master with 1 second period, 0.5 seconds stagger, expedited forwarding qos and PSP slave at 192.168.1.64 with port 5000:
.RS
\fBpspm -a192.168.1.64 -p5000 -d1000 -s500 -t46 \fR
.RE
Starting PSP master for broadcasting on the local network 192.168.1.x:
.RS
\fBpspm -a192.168.1.255 -b\fR
.RE
Starting PSP master in secure mode with  PSP slave at 192.168.1.64:
.RS
\fBpspm -a192.168.1.64 -kkey -ononce.txt\fR
.RE

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Alpha Catharsis (\fBalpha.catharsis@gmail.com\fR).

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Please raise issues at \fBhttps://github.com/alpha-catharsis/psp/issues\fR.
