.TH PSPS 1

.SH NAME
pspm \- Packet Synchronization Protocol Slave

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B psps
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B psps
implements the slave role of the Packet Synchronization Protocol.

.SH OPTIONS
\fB General options\fR
.RS

.BR \-h
Displays the help message.

.BR \-l
Sets the log file. If this option is set all program output will be
recorded in the log file independently from the verbosity level specified
with the '\-v' option.

.BR \-v \fInum\fR
Sets the program output verbosity level as follow:
.RS
.IP \fB0\fP
error
.IP \fB1\fP
warning
.IP \fB2\fP
information
.IP \fB3\fP
debug
.IP
.RE

.RE

\fB Action options\fR
.RS

.BR \-a
Performs pre-calibration and writes estimated time drift in file 'precalibr_results.txt'

.BR \-c
Performs calibration and writes estimated median channel latency in file 'calibr_results.txt'

.BR \-s
Performs synchronization changing and adjustig system clock

.RE

\fB Options valid for all actions\fR
.RS

.BR \-p \fIport\fR
Sets the PSP slave UDP port (default value: 4242)

.BR \-n \fInum\fR
Sets the number of timestamp packets to reveive before stopping (default value: infinite)

.BR \-w \fInum\fR
Sets the size of the observation window in samples (default value: 120). During pre-calibration the observation window is used to filter
out channel latency variance. During calibration and synchronization, the observation window is used to estimate the median channel latency.

.RE

\fB Options valid for synchronization only\fR
.RS

.BR \-m \fInum\fR
Sets the synchronization metod to be used. The value can be:
.RS
.IP \fB0\fP
stepwise time correction
.IP \fB1\fP
smooth time correction (monotonic)
.IP \fB2\fP
smooth time correction (monotonic) and frequency correction
.IP
.RE

.BR \-f \fInum\fR
Sets the number of observation windows used to estimate frequency offset (default value: 10)

.BR \-t \fInum\fR
Specifies the threshold, in microseconds, for performing a step correction (default value: 10000). If the estimated error is below this
threshold, the system clock is adjusted acting on its frequency, maintaining a monotonic behavior. If the estimated error is above this
threshold then the system clock error is corrected suddently (this might make the system clock go back in time).

.BR \-T \fInum\fR
Sets the time correction dampening factor in percent (default value: 0)

.BR \-F \fInum\fR
Sets the frequency correction dampening factor in percent (default value: 50)

.BR \-C \fInum\fR
Sets the time correction clamping in ns (default value: MAX_LONG)

.BR \-D \fInum\fR
Sets the frequency correction clamping in ns (default value: MAX_LONG)

.BR \-q \fInum\fR
Specifies the number of quickstart rounds (default value: quickstart disabled). For each round the size of the observatio window is doubled.

.RE

\fB Secure mode options\fR
.RS

.BR \-k \fIfilename\fR
Sets the filename of the cryptographic key for secure protocol mode. The key shall be a 32 byte binary file. This option also
enables the secure protocol mode.

.RE

\fB Debugging options\fR
.RS

.BR \-d \fIfilename\fR
Enables the generation of debug files with useful information.

.RE

.SH EXIT STATUS
Zero if OK, non-zero if error encountered.

.SH EXAMPLE
Starting PSP slave for pre-calibration:
.RS
\fBpspm -a -w 240\fR
.RE
Starting PSP slave for calibration:
.RS
\fBpspm -c -w 2400\fR
.RE
Starting PSP slave for synchronization:
.RS
\fBpspm -s -w 120 -q 2\fR
.RE

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Alpha Catharsis (\fBalpha.catharsis@gmail.com\fR).

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Please raise issues at \fBhttps://github.com/alpha-catharsis/psp/issues\fR.

